W 16422273 api ext auto-completion props duke (#347)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/start-discover-ui.adoc

See xref:des-designing-api-specs.adoc[] for more detail.

[[use-autocomplete]]
== Use Auto-Complete in the Editors

The IDE supports auto-completion through the Anypoint Code Builder extensions and through IntelliSense, a built-in code-completion feature of VS Code, to provide auto-completion in Editor views. 

. Open auto-completion options from the Editor view using one of the following options:

* Using IntelliSense: Press Ctrl+Space to display a list of available option, and enter a search term to narrow the results, for example:
+
image::des-autocomplete.png[Auto-complete options for `get`]
+
IntelliSense shows different options, depending on the context, for example:
+
image::des-autocomplete-context.png[Auto-complete options for `responses`]

* Using the extensions: Start typing in the editor to display a list of available options. Typing narrows the list of suggested options.
+

> For API design, auto-completion must be enabled (the default setting). If not, you can enable auto-completion:

Reviewer: @dukesphere Auto-completion is enabled by default. You can disable it through the config panel
cc @mansillafederico

Author: I have a section on this in the include above (modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/acb-api-design.adoc). Is there any other way to enable or disable the auto-completion.

Author: cc: @mansillafederico thx

Reviewer 2: @dukesphere, the only way to enable/disable the auto-completion is from settings.

> For API design, auto-completion must be enabled (the default setting). If not, you can enable auto-completion:

Author: ```suggestion
For API design, auto-completion must be enabled (the default setting). You can disable or enable auto-completion:
```

See xref:des-designing-api-specs.adoc[] for more detail.

[[use-autocomplete]]
== Use Auto-Complete in the Editors

The IDE supports auto-completion through the Anypoint Code Builder extensions and through IntelliSense, a built-in code-completion feature of VS Code, to provide auto-completion in Editor views. 

. Open auto-completion options from the Editor view using one of the following options:

> * Using IntelliSense: Press Ctrl+Space to display a list of available option, and enter a search term to narrow the results, for example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Using IntelliSense: Press Ctrl+Space to display a list of available options, and enter a search term to narrow the results, for example:
```

+
image::des-autocomplete.png[Auto-complete options for `get`]
+
IntelliSense shows different options, depending on the context, for example:
+
image::des-autocomplete-context.png[Auto-complete options for `responses`]

* Using the extensions: Start typing in the editor to display a list of available options. Typing narrows the list of suggested options.
+

> For API design, auto-completion must be enabled (the default setting). You can disable or enable auto-completion:

Reviewer 4: Default setting is disabled for auto-completion

Author: ```suggestion
For API design, auto-completion must be enabled. You can disable or enable auto-completion:
```

> For API design, auto-completion must be enabled (the default setting). You can disable or enable auto-completion:

Author: ```suggestion
For API design, you can enable or disable auto-completion:
```
